Why is that?
I am a poor household who was kicked out of the Gu family
And you
He is the richest man in Yuncheng
President of the Anorexia Group
I don't deserve you
Do you deserve it or not? It doesn't matter what you say.
It's what I say
Mr. Yan, I know you are tired of eating big fish and big meat
Occasionally interested in my porridge side dish
But porridge side dishes are always just seasonings
You still have to go back to your Manchu and Han seats.
Shuangdao Gu Qingqing
Are you
Do you think I'm a heartless person?
After these few months of getting along
Do you think I'm on a whim?
Or say
You never believed in my integrity
So what if you mean it?
A top wealthy family like the Yan family
Will allow me to be covered in such a
Black history people enter the door
Swallow 17
Be realistic
Your wife will be the future star of misanthropy
How many people are staring at him
His words and deeds
His slightest mistake will be magnified infinitely
These few months
Let's just say we're in a romantic relationship.
I thought I had a sweet dream
Now I'm awake
How are you free now?
Go get divorced when you have time
Good gathering and good dispersal
What are you doing?
It was you who mentioned the beginning
Now you have to mention it a few times
Is it too unfair to me?
You put me down
Where are you taking me?